README.md, before:


![Abaco stripe](docs/abaco-banner.png)

# Real Time Protocol in C
## Payloader example
This is a RAW (YUV) Real Time Protocol pay-loader written in C. This example is send only to recieve the data you can use the gstreamer pipeline below.

> **NOTE** : This example has been tested on 64 bit ARM. Target hardware was the Nvidia Jetson TX1 and Abaco Systems GVC1000.

# Installation
clone the code.

    git clone https://github.com/ross-abaco/rtp-payloader
Build the example

    cd rtpstream
    make
Run the example

    ./rtpstream
Catch the stream using the gstreamer src pipeline in the section below.

> **NOTE** : This example uses the test image ([lena-lg.png](lena-lg.png)) as the source of the video stream. You can replace lena with your own image or use another source for the video data.

## gstreamer YUV streaming examples
Use this pipeline as a tes payloader to make sure gstreamer is working:

    gst-launch-1.0 videotestsrc num_buffers ! video/x-raw, format=UYVY, framerate=25/1, width=640, height=480 ! queue ! rtpvrawpay ! udpsink host=127.0.0.1 port=5004

Use this pipeline to capture the stream:

    gst-launch-1.0 udpsrc port=5004 caps="application/x-rtp, media=(string)video, clock-rate=(int)90000, encoding-name=(string)RAW, sampling=(string)YCbCr-4:2:2, depth=(string)8, width=(string)640, height=(string)480, payload=(int)96" ! queue ! rtpvrawdepay ! queue ! xvimagesink sync=false
    
Gstreamer running with test image [lena-lg.png](lena-lg.png) (480x480):

![Lena test image](docs/lena-test.png)

Commit message:

Added not on running code on Intel (little endian) host.

README.md, after:


![Abaco stripe](docs/abaco-banner.png)

# Real Time Protocol in C
## Payloader example
This is a RAW (YUV) Real Time Protocol pay-loader written in C. This example is send only to recieve the data you can use the gstreamer pipeline below.

> **NOTE** : This example has been tested on 64 bit ARM. Target hardware was the Nvidia Jetson TX1 and Abaco Systems GVC1000. Code is endian swapped. To run on intel set #define ARM  0 in [rtpstream.c](rtpstream.c)

# Installation
clone the code.

    git clone https://github.com/ross-abaco/rtp-payloader
Build the example

    cd rtpstream
    make
Run the example

    ./rtpstream
Catch the stream using the gstreamer src pipeline in the section below.

> **NOTE** : This example uses the test image ([lena-lg.png](lena-lg.png)) as the source of the video stream. You can replace lena with your own image or use another source for the video data.

## gstreamer YUV streaming examples
Use this pipeline as a tes payloader to make sure gstreamer is working:

    gst-launch-1.0 videotestsrc num_buffers ! video/x-raw, format=UYVY, framerate=25/1, width=640, height=480 ! queue ! rtpvrawpay ! udpsink host=127.0.0.1 port=5004

Use this pipeline to capture the stream:

    gst-launch-1.0 udpsrc port=5004 caps="application/x-rtp, media=(string)video, clock-rate=(int)90000, encoding-name=(string)RAW, sampling=(string)YCbCr-4:2:2, depth=(string)8, width=(string)640, height=(string)480, payload=(int)96" ! queue ! rtpvrawdepay ! queue ! xvimagesink sync=false
    
Gstreamer running with test image [lena-lg.png](lena-lg.png) (480x480):

![Lena test image](docs/lena-test.png)
